what's up guys welcome to another
episode of gizmo slip today we're going
to be drop testing the iPhone 5s now
this iPhone has a lot of new features
but the real question is does it stand
up to a drug test let's find out all
right guys so we're going to be dropped
testing this iPhone 5s on the back side
and front to do the most consistent drop
so we're going to be using this platform
to try to level it out and let it just
fall straight down and we're going to
down the front and back and were going
to use a measuring stick to slide it
down on the side drops give us the most
accurate drop let's go ahead and get to
the drop test right now
alright guys brand new iPhone 5s oh that
glass back is shattered both on the top
really badly on the top you would cut
your finger pretty easily on that as
well as on the bottom there's some
hairline shattering down here just a
little bit that that would be just fine
probably weather some scratching here as
well but dang that is on that is a lot
of damage for the first drop this is a
bad idea to put a glass back on this
phone three
okay let's see if there was any further
damage it looks like it handled the side
drop really well just some scratching
that happened right there that's where
it impacted well guys before we get to
the facedown drop test we'd like to
thank low-cost geeks for providing this
iPhone 5s without them we couldn't do
this drop test so go check out their
website go check out their Facebook like
their Facebook page they do laptop and
cell phone repairs so if you've got a
cell phone sitting around you get that
sucker repaired give them a call and
they can work out all the details they
are going to be doing online web orders
so if you get you know send on their
phone let's send it right back really
quickly they don't have that quite set
up but they will very very soon anyway
guys let's get onto the face down right
now
face down
alright guys let's see how it did oh
that is shattered really really badly
look it's like fragmenting and like
missing complete pieces let's see if the
screen works it looks like the screen is
still working at least the part that you
can actually touch you would not want to
touch the top app well guys the iPhone
5s failed the backdrop and the facedown
keep in mind it's pretty rare to see
them fail on the backdrop anyway I guess
we're going to be giving this back to
low cost geeks for them to revive and
send off alive into the iPhone world
which is just fantastic but have no fear
guys we are giving away a Galaxy Tab 3 7
inch all you have to do to win that is
go to this here zombie go boom TV video
post a comment saying gizmo slips sent
me and then subscribe to their channel
on our channel zombie go boom TV is a
channel all about blowing up
anatomically correct zombie heads and or
destroying them in all kinds of cool
ways go check out their channel
subscribe all that good stuff again
thanks to low-cost geeks for providing
this iPhone 5s and we will have the note
3 drop test next week thanks for
watching guys and we'll see you guys
soon